engine/dto/UserDto.java
 engine.dto.UserDto
engine/repository/UserRepository.java
 engine.repository.UserRepository
engine/service/QuizService.java
 engine.service.QuizService
engine/entity/User.java
 engine.entity.User
engine/controller/QuizController.java
 engine.controller.QuizController
engine/dto/QuizDto.java
 engine.dto.QuizDto
engine/WebQuizEngine.java
 engine.WebQuizEngine
engine/repository/QuizRepository.java
 engine.repository.QuizRepository
engine/validation/EmailValidator.java
 engine.validation.EmailValidator
engine/controller/UserController.java
 engine.controller.UserController
engine/authentication/AuthenticationFacade.java
 engine.authentication.AuthenticationFacade
engine/entity/Quiz.java
 engine.entity.Quiz
engine/validation/ValidEmail.java
 engine.validation.ValidEmail
engine/security/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 engine.security.UserDetailsServiceImpl
engine/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 engine.security.WebSecurityConfig
engine/repository/QuizCompletionRepository.java
 engine.repository.QuizCompletionRepository
engine/security/BasicAuthenticationEntryPointImpl.java
 engine.security.BasicAuthenticationEntryPointImpl
engine/entity/StringListToStringConverter.java
 engine.entity.StringListToStringConverter
engine/service/UserEmailExistsException.java
 engine.service.UserEmailExistsException
engine/entity/QuizCompletion.java
 engine.entity.QuizCompletion
engine/dto/QuizCompletionDto.java
 engine.dto.QuizCompletionDto
engine/service/UserService.java
 engine.service.UserService
engine/entity/UserMapper.java
 engine.entity.UserMapper
engine/entity/QuizMapper.java
 engine.entity.QuizMapper
engine/entity/IntegerListToStringConverter.java
 engine.entity.IntegerListToStringConverter
engine/controller/ControllerExceptionHandler.java
 engine.controller.ControllerExceptionHandler
engine/dto/AnswerFeedbackDto.java
 engine.dto.AnswerFeedbackDto
engine/dto/AnswerDto.java
 engine.dto.AnswerDto
